[ENH] summaries and intros - getting started section (#504)
bids-standard/bids-website: docs/getting_started/resources/talks.md

# Talks and slides

> BIDS-related talks and presentations are ongoing. Two great resources for curated lists of talks and slides are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BIDS-related talks and presentations are curated and updated on an ongoing basis in 2 key locations and the community is invited to consult and re-use them here:
```

Reviewer: adding the missing angle that we would really like people to use these semi-official decks
